Peach Shibata Day
Suddenly
Mashi want for pond Taeeee
Coin picked - 0 feet office user tuber softening or better to what or apartment Once you have earned the gold
I'm adding a room, but I don't like a
If you spend money, try it d
layer
I was an older sister in cash, so I would like to introduce you to today's house just for a moment.
I will
At first it is this Taimei kitchen this 4
Only me I also I have made something cooking video mode only it would be app be of armor 2
If there are many face-to-face kitchen because
When I move to cooking c, I 'm going to a high school for the abolition towards my sister
What's is the place
By the way a hey
Kag or not- all new
I think that herbs next want to see in the video the place that contains the bath me maybe everyone Hey Kuroko the Odomi 4 hand
We also got a baby
Ure is also put Nobase the please pretty even Ne foot a look at the English
Big headed
Olly from Sony
this
that
Uta ー ー ー essential oil
Parliament also withered water have been struck so hot water is adapted to Teru this
Tei Masu so as to enjoy the voice mood in Well Shah
No wonder a
I would like to make everyone a homo video that is in fragrant with the cold weather Copter government too much
Yes and this is the bedroom
spa I think it's okay
It is not unreasonable to a bent jersey player but it is king size when distorting
I think I intend moving bed
This Chinami
I on the above This Well
It becomes a good Kubo since seen the roots of this Kubo
If you look closely
A horror movie has been written, and this is actually a black light that will appear at the night
Say completely different views visible in day and night
A little more
But to eliminate we have a little you say Do wallpaper or rather ace
[musics]
Boo Boo a theme customer 2 Boo Boo saying
25 plants about 20 tatami mats is I'm about 20 tatami mats
Quite spacious
It has become a race pace
By the way, This is it
In fact there is a loft with a horror with 20 articles of living
The loft is
Over there to voice
It looks like a secret base when you see this
ぇ Once upon a time I plan to put a PC around there and edit the secret base like editing secret
The like base
On I think trying to here is Miruyoe
[musics]
at all would sit when
Ah ah ah ah
Hey, this is probably more
It seems like I'm going to edit like this kind of secret base like this
No, I say the Most Day
Roughly this but a little to introduce the Za'
It's 3 stories in 3 floors and it's 5000.
50 million
Well I to pretty well good land
It is quite good feeling to understand Kichijoji
I because Moma's pains But there was also price
If you want to see another place , Bert in the middle of another pick-up of change is holding it, this new house
It me was a return directly below
Well , if it's r, move on and send off 8 cars from here
I think so
Ne please look forward to just ShibaTaro
It was good to introduce new house
[musics]